Hi guys.
The last thing I want to do to secure my account is apply an IAM password policy.
Now you can do this either by choosing this link here or if you go down to account settings on the left
hand side here.
This is the password policy.
So this is simply a case of choosing what your minimum password length is, I think eight is quite a good
number.
So going to change it to eight I'm already requiring at least one uppercase letter.
You could choose to require a number as well for instance and you can also use set expiration choose
whether users are allowed to change their own password or not prevent Password Reuse and so on.
So it's literally just a case of going in there and applying the password policy if you want to learn
a bit more about password policies.
You can choose this managing passwords knowing which opens up this site AWS article.
There are a couple of interesting things here.
For instance you want to know that the IAM password policy does not apply to the AWS account root user
a password.
Also you can't create a lockout policy.
What AWS recommend instead is that you use multifactor authentication
Now we enabled MFA on the root account but you can enable it on other accounts as well.
And it's a best practice to do so for any administrative uses that have significant privileges
so that's it for this lab.
Guys just wanted to show you the password policy we should now have our account nice and secure.
If we just go back to the dashboard and let's refresh this page we've got a nice view of five tick marks
and a five out of five complete for our security status.
So that's all good.
I'll see you in the next snap where I'm going to talk to you a bit more about the AWS global infrastructure
and virtual private cloud.